Oh, this is great!
Wow!
Oh, that's incredible.
There's got to be seven
or eight feet up there.
And eighty years of dust.
Look at all this height.
We could put our
bedroom upstairs
and that will leave us with
all this space.
For what?
Just space.
One!
Two!
Three!
- And four?
- Come on.
And five?
Watch, watch!
God, this place is huge.
It's beautiful.
God!
You guys, it's absolutely incredible.
Incredible.
A little paint.
Sell it tomorrow,
double your money.
Carl, you're obsessed.
A little bit.
Wow, look!
Hey, it's an Indian head penny.
1898.
It's a good omen.
You're the good omen.
Oh, it's so great!
I had Rose move your 3 o'clock
with Bob Kahan to 4 o'clock.
Gary Alan called at the end
of the day yesterday.
He has to see you about the
final painting bids for the loft.
3 o'clock is the only time
he can make it. Is that OK?
Sam?
Ah? I'm sorry.
Relax, man. This is
not brain surgery.
Pitching these Japanese guys
makes me so nervous.
Sam...
You're going to be great. OK?
What am I supposed to say?
I can't really tell them my
Swedish girl joke, you know.
Great. Where did
you get those?
Nice, huh? Molly.
What do you think?
Are they me?
Oh, man. Look at
that, a Testarossa.
Wow.
- Ouch!
- Pay off your Mustang first.
How are you?
What did the doctor say?
He said that it was contagious.
That it was really...
- No?
- Yeah.
He said I shouldn't
even be coming in today.
What about the rash?
The rash?
The rash is...
also incredibly contagious.
He said they've
both been spreading.
No?
On your genitals again?
Yeah.
Yeah, right on the genitals.
Basically everywhere.
He said that I
shouldn't touch anyone.
Excuse me, I'm sorry.
- You're sick.
- I know.
Morning, Paul.
- Carl, Sam.
- Save it, Paul.
Morning, Susie.
You're looking good.
Sam.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Here it is.
- Thanks.
- Morning, Sam.
- Morning, Rose.
Listen, the Kobiashi people...
They're already here.
- They're early!
- I know.
- Come here.
- Andy Dillon called...
- How long have they been here?
- About ten minutes.
Andy Dillon called.
And he says he needs $ 900,000
transferred to Albany by ten.
- By ten?
- Yes.
- Carl?
Yeah?
Dillon needs 900,000 in Albany by ten.
Can you transfer it
to his account?
Yeah, but I need your MAC code.
OK.
Discretion, right?
Got it.
You bet.
I'll do it right now.
Thanks.
Bill, I'll call
you back.
OK, that's fine.
That's fine.
Oh, man, this
is too far out.
Can you get this, man?
Where you guys from
the New York City Ballet?
Almost.
Saved your life!
You shit!
You scared me to death.
Why did you do that?
It's better than seeing this gorgeous
body splattered all over the place.
Look out!
Grab it!
Sam, Moll!
Are you guys home?
Carl! Did you invite him?
Slave labour.
- Carl!
- What?
- Hurry, help!
- Oh, my God.
Grab the bottom.
Now, go there.
Right here?
Watch your toes.
Where do you want this?
In the bedroom.
God, this place looks great!
Yeah.
You like it, huh?
Like? Like is
hardly the word.
I had no idea it would be
this beautiful. It's incredible.
Molly, what about her?
Why don't you just leave her
there until the other stuff is here.
What are these?
Oh, let me show you.
Will you help
me lift this up?
Wow.
Just finished it.
What do you think?
It's fantastic.
I love it.
Sam, what's this
chair doing here?
What do you mean?
I love that chair.
I know you love this chair,
but we discussed this and...
I've had it forever.
When I watch TV, I sit in it.
This chair is ugly.
- So?
- And it doesn't go with anything.
It goes with me.
You're right, it does.
We'll paint it.
We'll what?
Are you OK?
I'm fine.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Are you worried
about the promotion?
No, not really.
Then what?
Moving in together?
No.
I don't know.
It's...
a lot of things.
I just don't want
the bubble to burst.
It seems like...
whenever anything good
in my life happens
I'm just afraid
I'm going to lose it.
I love you.
I really love you.
Ditto.
The pilot's first report
of trouble was
the blew the number
two engine
the one in the tail of the plane.
It was fully loaded...
Oh, Jesus.
Another one?
Don't watch that.
I should cancel
my LA trip.
These things always
happen in threes.
Sam, get serious!
Besides, you lead
a charmed life.
Yeah, so did they.
It's amazing.
Just like that...
Blackout.
What are you doing?
I couldn't sleep.
Boy.
I really must have
passed out.
What time is it?
It's 2 am.
Oh, no.
I hope it wasn't
a masterpiece.
Well, it's not now.
Can I help?
Yeah.
Put your hands here.
Now get them wet.
Let the clay slide
between your fingers.
Oh, no.
What's the matter?
A glitch.
What's up?
The Greenberg and White accounts,
I can't get in. The macro doesn't work.
I changed it.
- Chaned it? Why?
- I just want to nose around a bit.
Is something wrong?
Can you keep a secret?
Yeah, sure.
What's up?
There's too much money
in these accounts.
Too much money?
That's impossible.
Sam, this is going
to take you hours.
- Let me do this.
- It already has taken me hours.
Well, let me figure
it out for you.
No, it's OK.
It's like a vendetta now.
Thanks, though,
I appreciate it.
OK.
If you start to go
blind, just give a shout.
OK. Adiós.
Listen, I was wandering what are
you and Moll doing tonight?
We're going to the theatre.
She wants to see Macbeth.
I think she likes the
guys in tights.
- You want to go?
- No. Thanks.
I want a full report, though.
- Later.
- Yeah.
Well, I loved it.
I was spellbound
the whole time.
I could tell, and so could
the rest of the audience
with that resonating
snore of yours.
Did I tell you what
Marcia said?
Yeah, about six times.
It wasn't six times.
Quit being so blase about this.
OK. Sorry.
This was really important.
I'm going to have
two pieces in her gallery.
The New York Times
reviews her gallery all the time.
Molly, the New York Times is just some
frustrated critic with pimples on his ass
who flunked art school.
Who cares what they think?
About 8 million readers,
that's who.
No, they're just reading
the sports page.
Your work is
really beautiful.
It really is.
And it shouldn't matter
what anyone else thinks
just what I think.
I want to marry you, Sam.
What?
Yeah.
I've been thinking about it.
I've been thinking
about it a lot.
And I think we should just do it.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
What's that look for?
You never wanted
to talk about it.
Do you love me, Sam?
What do you think?
Why don't you ever say it?
What do you mean "why don't I ever say it"?
I say it all the time. I feel like...
You say "ditto."
That's not the same.
People say "I love you"
all the time
and it doesn't
mean anything.
You know, sometimes
you need to hear it.
I need to hear it.
Let's go.
What should we do?
Let me handle it.
What do you want?
Your wallet!
Give it!
Sam, just give it to him.
OK. Just take the money.
Just leave...
No! Sam!
You son of a bitch!
Sam! No!
Somebody help us!
Jesus Christ, Sam!
Just get off him!
Somebody!
Somebody help us!
Sam...
Just stop it!
Stop it, Sam!
Molly?
Molly! You got...?
Oh, baby, hold on.
You're going to be OK.
Somebody?
Somebody!
Somebody help us!
Sam...
Oh, my God!
Oh, Sam, come on.
Hold on, baby.
Somebody's gonna come.
You're going to be OK.
No... Oh, God...
Somebody?
Somebody help me!
Please, anybody!
Help me, please!
Help me!
OK, lady, take it
easy, all right?
We'll help you, OK?
Molly?
OK
All right. Fine.
What shall we do?
What's happening?
What's...
Is he...
Is he breathing?
Hold on, Sam, hold on.
Don't leave me. Hold on.
Oh, my God.
Here we go.
One...
Sam, don't you leave me!
Sam, hold on!
Jesus...
Miss Jensen, if you would
just step this way, please.
So...
What happened to you?
What?
You're new, huh?
I can tell.
Are you talking to me?
Relax, it ain't like before.
It's a whole new
ball of wax.
Who are you?
Oh, I'm waiting for my wife.
She's in the 4-C, cardiac wing.
She's fighting it.
Shot, huh?
That'll do it every time.
Poor bastard.
You may as well get used to it.
You could be here
for a long while.
Come here.
I'll tell you a secret.
Doors ain't as
bad as you think.
Zip-zap - ain't
nothing at all.
You'll see.
You'll catch on.
He ain't going to make it.
I've seen it
a million times.
He's a goner.
You see?
Here they come.
Lucky bastard!
It could have been
the other ones.
You never know.
Who are they?
No!
Help me!
Oh God.
Help me.
I am sunk in the
abysmal swamp
where there is no foothold.
I have reached
the watery depths.
The flood overwhelms me.
I am wearied with calling.
As we say farewell to
our friend, Sam Wheat
we are reminded
of his kindness
his generosity
his buoyancy of spirit.
All that we treasure
our loved ones
our friends
our body
our mind
are but on loan to us.
We must surrender
them all.
We are all travellers
on the same road
which leads to
the same end.
As our loved one
enters eternal life
Iet us remember that love,
too, is eternal.
That although
we will miss him
our love will light the void
and dispel the darkness.
I picked up your
shirts today.
I don't know why.
Mr Reynolds told me
to tell you "hello."
I broke into tears.
It's like I think about
you every minute.
It's like I can still feel you.
I'm here, Moll.
Floyd, what's the
matter, kitty?
What's the matter?
Crazy cat.
Sam?
It's stupid.
I love this picture.
It's great.
Office.
Let me see that.
- It's a...
- Sam's address book.
Right.
Dave Brubeck,
New Port, 88.
- Should I toss them?
- No.
No? Molly, we hated
that concert.
You wanted to save those?
Rolaids?
Molly, what are you doing?..
I just miss him, Carl.
Me, too.
Carl?
- Yeah?
- Wait a minute. Wait.
- What?
- Not that one.
- Wich?
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to put that on there.
It's OK.
Hey, Moll.
Why don't you come?
It's like summer outside.
No, I really...
I'm not up for it.
Come on, Moll, just for a walk.
It would be good for you to get out.
I don't want to.
You can't stay
in here all day.
- It's not healthy for you.
- Look Carl, I can't do it!
You're not the one who died.
- I'm sorry.
- Don't apologise.
Shit.
Maybe you're right.
- Maybe a short one.
- That a girl!
- I'm sorry.
- Don't worry about it.
Molly!
What are you doing here?
Bastard.
You son of a bitch!
What do you want?
Molly?
Molly, get out!
God.
No, Molly!
No, please.
Molly!
He's got a gun, Molly!
Hi, kitty.
You hurt her...
OK...
Shit!
Is somebody there?
Hello?
Let go!
What are you doing?
Like trains?
Stay out!
This is mine.
Shit.
It's me.
I couldn't get it.
She came home.
Give me a couple of days.
I'll go back.
Relax.
I'll get it.
Get what?
Who are you?
What do you
want from us?
No.
You stay away from her.
Do you hear me?
Stay away from her!
Rosa Santiago?
Please be seated.
Our sister will
be with us soon.
Sister Oda Mae
grant us the gift of your
all-seeing presence.
Appear before us now.
Mrs Santiago?
Buenos dias.
I'm Oda Mae Brown.
I understand you wish
to contact your husband.
- Si.
- I believe he'll be with us today.
Thank you.
But you know,
Mrs Santiago
there's no telling about
that other world
so you've got to be
a believer, Mrs Santiago.
Are you a believer?
Si, si, I believe.
I believe.
Then let us begin.
I can't.
It's too difficult.
I just can't seem to make
contact. I don't feel his...
No - wait!
I'm feeling something.
Did he know someone
by the name of Anna?
Consuelo?
Lucita?
Julietta?
Josephina?
Linda?
Maria?
Si, si.
His Mama!
She is Maria.
Yes! Praise God.
I knew he was with his Mama.
Oh, my God.
It's too difficult.
It's two of them.
I'm not sure I
can do that.
It's so tiring.
I pay more!
How much?
Twenty dollars.
Way to go.
Milk her for every penny.
Yes. I...
I believe we can start again.
Praise the Lord!
Thank you, Jesus.
Welcome, Mrs Santiago.
You are fortunate today,
the spirits are churning.
My husband?
Mercy!
Oh, yeah?
Where?
Julio?
Yes!
I feel his vibration.
I see him.
How is he?
How does he look?
He's a handsome man.
Handsome?
Mrs Santiago, in our
Father's Kingdom
we're all handsome.
Oh, Julio.
Julio is coming
towards us.
I see him!
He's coming.
He's there.
He's dressed
in a black suit.
Black suit?
Could be blue.
What a crock of shit.
Who is that?
- Julio!
- Where are you?
Julio? Julio?
Did you hear it?
Oh, damn!
Where are you?
Julio?
Who are you?
Who?..
You can hear me?
Can't you hear him?
I don't believe this.
Hey, you!
My name is Sam Wheat.
Can you hear me? Sam Wheat!
Say my name, say it.
Leave me alone!
Say my name.
Sam Wheat. Say it!
Talk to me, Oda Mae.
Say something.
Sam Wheat!
Jesus!..
Sam Wheat?
God, I swear, no more
cheating. I promise.
I'll do anything.
Give me penis.
Just make that
guy go away.
No way.
It's OK.
All right, sister?
Thank you.
Yeah, you're all right.
My mother had it
and my mother's mother had it.
They both had the gift.
And they always
said I had it
but I never did,
I never had it.
You know...
They told me what it was like,
they told me all about it
but now that I've got it,
I don't think I want it.
Just give me a favour. Just go away.
Find somebody else.
Somebody else?
You're out of your mind.
Yeah, I'm getting there fast!
I think she hit her head
harder, than we think.
She was talking to nobody that wasn't
there before she had been hit her head.
Well, I know she is, but
you know sister can do that.
- Where exactly are you?
- I'm standing right beside you.
You're standing
right beside me?
Honey, we're right here!
Are you white?
What?
- White?
- You're white, aren't you?
You know what I think?
Yeas, I'm calling the doctor.
I knew it, it's a white guy!
Why me?
Listen, damn it.
You're going to help me.
There's a woman,
her name is Molly Jensen
and she is in
terrible danger.
The man who killed me
broke into our apartment
and he is going to go back.
So you've got to warn her.
Just what makes you think
she's gonna listen to me?
It's just a phone call.
Look...
you're all I've got.
Now I'm not leaving
until you help me.
I don't care how long it takes
cause I can talk forever.
- Hello.
- Hi, is this Molly Jensen?
Yes.
My name is Oda Mae Brown,
I'm a spiritual reader and advisor.
And a friend of yours
gave me message for you.
I know it sounds a
little crazy, but it's not.
You've got to believe me.
Just don't be afraid.
Who is this?
I've got a message from Sam.
What?
Sam Wheat?
He asked me to call.
- I told you!
- You've got to go there.
Forget it!
I'm not going anywhere.
I don't care what you do.
Second verse,
same as the first.
I'm Henry the Eighth, I am
Henry the Eighth I am, I am
I got married to the
widow next door
she's been married
seven times before
and everyone
was an Henry
Henry!
She wouldn't have
a Willy or a Sam
No Sam!
I'm her eighth old man,
I'm Henry
Henry the Eighth I am, I am
Henry the Eighth I am.
Second verse,
same as the first
I'm Henry the Eighth, I am
Henry the Eighth I am, I am
I got married to the
widow next door
All right! All right!
Stop singing.
I'll go anywhere you want to,
just don't sing any more.
I can't believe this.
I can't believe
I'm doing this.
What am I doing
in downtown?
I never come downtown.
I hate downtown!
She's probably
not even there.
Where are you?
Which building is it?
Switch 3.
See, nobody's there.
She is there,
just wait.
I came down here, I did everything
I said I was gonna do.
I pressed the button,
she's not there.
- I'm going, good bye.
- Just wait one m...
- I'm sorry.
Ninety-nine bottles
of beer on the wall
ninety nine
bottles of beer
Take one down,
pass it around
Don't sing, all right, all right.
Hello?
Sh... She can't hear you.
Hi, I'm Oda Mae
you know, I called you last night
about your friend, Sam Wheat?
I told you!
Hey, Molly!
Molly Jensen.
I know you're up there.
I know you hear me.
I'm down here.
Sam wants to talk to you.
This is for real!
Hey, you remember the starfish
at Montego Bay?
How would I know that
if he was'nt here?
Hey Molly, I know about
the green underwear
that you wrote
your name on.
I won't forget that,
I tell you that.
I know about the
picture in Reno.
Hey, Molly!
The sweater she knitted
in the closet, that's too big.
He just asked to remind you
of the sweater that's in the closet
that you knitted
that's too big.
Four sizes.
Hey, hear me
talking to you?
I hear you.
Oh, shut up,
nobody's talking to you.
Did you ever hear
of a phone?
Want to kiss my butt?
I'm not gonna stay
down here all day.
Thank God!
Oh man, shut up!
Molly!
I'm going to count to three,
and then I'm out of here.
One-two-three!
- No Oda, wait.
- No.
It's Molly.
Molly?
I'm Oda Mae Brown.
I don't know you
I don't know
this guy Sam
but let me tell you
what he did to me.
He kept me up all
night singing
"I'm Henry the Eighth, I am."
That's how he got me
to go out with him.
Look, I'm sorry.
I just...
Just don't believe in this
life after death stuff.
Tell her she's wrong.
He says you're wrong.
You're talking
to him right now?
Yeah. He just asked me to
tell you that you're wrong.
So where is he?
I can't see him,
I can only hear him.
I'm right here.
That doesn't help, Sam.
I'm holding her hand.
He says he's
holding your hand.
What are you doing?
What do you think
you're doing to me?
Hey look, if you think I came over down
here for my health, you're out of your mind.
Sam's dead, OK?
He's dead.
Tell her I love her.
He says he loves you.
Sam would never say that.
"Ditto", tell her "ditto"!
What is "ditto"?
Ditto!
To tell you the truth
I don't know
how I'm doing this.
Confidentially - nothing like this
has ever happened to me before.
I mean nothing.
Now I can't
turn it off.
Is this him?
ls this you?
- Yeah.
Cute.
White, but cute.
What I don't
understand is
why did he come back?
- I don't know.
- ...why is he still here?
He's stuck, that's what it is.
He's in between worlds.
You know, it happens
sometimes that
the spirit gets yanked
out so quick
that the essence still feels
like it has work to do.
Would you stop rambling?
I don't think I'm rambling,
I'm just answering her question.
He's got an attitude now.
I don't have
an attitude.
Yes, you do
have an attitude.
We're having a
little discussion.
If you didn't have
an attitude
you wouldn't have raised your
voice to me now, would you?
- Goddammit, Oda Mae...
- Don't you goddammit me!
Don't you take the
Lord's name in vain.
- You understand?
- Would you relax?
No, you relax!
You're the dead guy.
You want me to help you?
You'd better apologise.
- Curse!
- That's it, I'm leaving.
Nobody talks to me like that.
You understand me?
Now, you'd better apologise.
I'm sorry.
I apologise.
OK?
Now would you sit down?
Please?
He's apologised.
I need you to tell
Molly what I'm saying
but you have to
tell her word for word.
All right?
Word for word.
Yes. He wants me to
tell you what he's saying
word for word.
Molly, you're in danger.
You can't just
blurt it out like that!
And quit moving around
you're start to make me dizzy.
I'll just tell her
in my own way.
Molly
you're in danger, girl.
What are you talking about?
I know the
man who killed me.
He knows the
man who killed him.
His name is Willie Lopez,
and I know where he lives.
he is Puerto-Rican.
- He knows where he lives.
- Write it down.
He wants you
to write it down.
- You write it down.
- I ain't no damned secretary!
Just do it!
He is so testy!
What is it you
want me to write?
303, Prospect Place, apt. 4D.
303 Prospect Place?
Yes.
It's my neighbourhood.
Molly, he's got my wallet
he's got my key
and he was in here.
he's got his wallet, and his key
Yesterday, when you came
back from your walk with Carl
you went upstairs,
you talked to Floyd...
All right, all right, all right.
When you came in yesterday from
your walk with Carl, he was here.
You checked your clothes
off, he saw everything.
Molly, you got to go to the police.
It was a set-up.
I was murdered.
He wants you to go the police.
He said it was a set-up, he was murdered.
Somebody else is involved...
- I don't know who, but...
- Forget it. I don't want no more to do with this, OK.
Wait.
- Where are you going?
- What do you mean "where am I going"? I'm leaving.
I did everything I said I was gonna do.
And don't be following me
cause I'm finished.
And I mean it!
Have a nice life,
have a nice death.
Goodbye.
Molly, there's no one
on earth besides you
who'd want this to be
true more than me. But...
You've got to be
rational about this.
Sam is no more
in this room than...
Look...
I understand the
need to hang on to him
I really do.
But this is absurd!
I know this seems absurd,
but it had to be real.
How could you believe some
fortune-teller from Brooklyn
who just shows
up at your door?
I watched them
have a conversation.
I don't buy it, Moll.
Not for a minute.
What about the
things she knew?
What things?
The photo that Sam took
of me on our trip to Reno.
Carl, we were alone.
And the green underwear
that I wrote my name in.
She said Sam knew who killed him.
That he was set up.
This is getting deranged.
We're going off the deep end here.
- She had a name and an address.
- Good, Molly, good...
Willie Lopez, 303
Prospect Place, apt. 4D.
This is sick.
Oh, Carl.
This is really sick.
Molly, I don't understand
how you could...
could...
swallow this crap.
I mean...
This guy may not even exist.
This woman...
Maybe she's just
trying to use you
to set someone up.
You're right.
You're absolutely right.
That's what I've
got to find out.
What do you mean "find out"?
How are you gonna do that?
She said Sam wants
me to go to the police.
Sam wants you
to go to the police?
Jesus, Moll!..
Are you out of your mi...
I mean
what are you gonna tell the police?
You gonna tell them
that some storefront
psychic lady has been
communing with the dead?
Do you have any idea
how that sounds?
You're talking ghosts here,
for Christ's sake.
I'm sorry.
This stuff just really
gets to me, you know.
It's OK if you
don't believe me.
I'm trying to, Molly.
Look.
If it'll make you
feel any better
I'll go check this out, OK?
I want you to try
and get some sleep.
OK?
I'll call you in the morning.
- OK.
- All right. Goodnight.
Be careful.
Carl!
What the hell are
you doing here?
Who have you
been talking to, Willie?
Talking to?
What the hell do you mean?
Some woman
knows all about you.
Everything.
Where's she
getting it from?
I haven't said
a word to anybody.
She knows your name, goddammit.
She knows where you live.
How do women
know where I live?
This is not a joke!
She knows about
the murder.
Now, I want you
to find this bitch
whoever she is
and I want you to...
Just get rid of her, OK?
I've got 4 million dollars
stuffed in a goddamn computer.
If I don't get those codes
if that money is not
transferred soon...
l'm...
dead.
We're both dead.
Why don't you tell them
you only launder money
on the first of the month.
What the hell is
wrong with you?
ls everything a joke?
You killed a man.
You were supposed to steal
his wallet, was that joke?
I did you a favour, man.
That was a freebie.
Look, these are
drug dealers, OK?
Just don't blow
this for me, Willie.
I'd lose my job, I'd go to jail.
$80,000 of that money is mine.
Look, just...
Let me have the keys
to Sam's apartment
I'll get the address
book myself, OK?
You goddamn bastard!
Why?
You were my friend!
I had a life, goddamn you!
I had a life.
Look, I don't even believe
in this stuff myself.
But she was real.
Do you think I'd come here
if it wasn't real?
You told me if I had any new
information, that I should come.
So, here I am.
I know how this sounds.
I mean, I hear
myself saying it
and I wanna cringe.
But this woman knew
things she couldn't have known.
Things Sam only said to me.
OK.
According to this psychic lady
there are ghosts and
spirits all over the place?
Watching us all the time?
Hell, I'm never going
to get undressed again.
Excuse me.
I've got more
important things to do.
The guy's name is Willie Lopez.
All I'm asking is for
you to check it out.
OK. You just wait here
and let me see if the
guy's got a record. All right?
Right.
What are you doing?
- Where's the file on Willie Lopez?
- There's no file for Willie Lopez.
He was probably
some old boyfriend
she was trying
to get even with.
And this psychic woman's got
a record that goes back a long way.
1967, Shreveport.
Forgery
selling of false ID.
Served one year in 1971.
Baton Rouge. Arrested for
fraud, numbers racketeering.
served ten months, 1974.
Look, this is impossible!
It goes on and on.
She knew things -
private things.
Now how could she
have known all that?
A lot of times
they read the obits.
All she had to do was see
the word "banker." Boom.
They even go
through your garbage
to find things they can use.
Letters, old papers.
It doesn't take much.
No.
It was real.
She knew about
a sweater I knitted.
And songs we sang.
The trip to Montego Bay.
I'm sorry.
I know this is hard.
People want so
much to believe.
They're grieving
they're vulnerable...
And they will
give anything
for one last moment.
Believe me
these people know
what they're doing.
I know how you must feel
but you know you
can press charges.
No.
Thank you.
God, let this be it.
Yeah.
Yes.
Hello.
Eddie?
It's Carl Bruner.
- What's up?
- We're fine.
Everything's fine.
Just we're all set.
- Good.
- Just let me know what you want me to do.
I want you to transfer the money
from the 12 separate accounts
into a single account
under the name "Rita Miller. "
OK.
Tomorrow, at five
minutes before closing
3.55 pm
transfer the full account to
the First lsland Bank of Nassau
registry number
486-9580.
Call us when it's done.
OK, I've got it.
Just tell Mr Balistrari
that there won't be
any more problems, OK.
- Yeah, I'll do that.
- Thank you.
Good work, Carl.
Molly, why can't
you hear me?
I need you.
Who is it?
It's Carl, Molly.
No.
Don't open the
goddamn door!
- He's a murderer.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Listen, sorry, I know it's late.
I'm sorry to disturb you.
I just...
I've been thinking
about you all day.
And I feel really
lousy about last night.
This supernatural thing...
Listen, don't worry
about it, really. It's OK.
No, it's not.
You needed me to
hear you, and I didn't.
I wasn't there for
you and that was...
That was wrong.
It's just... I...
I just...
I want you to know
that I'm your friend, Moll.
Thanks, Carl.
You were never her friend.
That really means
a lot to me.
Me too.
So I've brought you some
Japanese apple pears.
I know you like them.
Thanks, that's very sweet.
Could I come in for a second?
I won't stay long.
it's just been one of those days.
Maybe a cup of coffee?
Yeah, come on in.
No, Molly.
You seem a little tense.
Are you OK?
No, I'm fine. It's just...
What can I tell you?
It's been tough.
You know.
It just still hurts so much.
You lying snake.
And then on top of it,
there's stuff at work.
They've given me my
own accounts, which is...
wich is good, but I...
I just haven't really
had time to adjust.
To absorb everything.
It's no big deal.
Can I have a
little more cream?
Yeah.
Oh, shit!
Jesus, I can't believe
I did that.
- Are you all right?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
Ah, God.
Let me throw
that in the washer.
Don't worry about it.
It's OK.
Do you want me to
give you another shirt?
No, it'll dry,
just take a minute.
So where were you today? I thought
you were gonna come into the bank
and sign those papers?
Well, I was supposed to,
but I didn't have time.
I went to the police.
You did?
Wow. What did you tell them?
What did they say?
It was awful.
I felt really stupid.
They brought out
a file on this woman
at least ten inches thick.
Rip-off artist, huh?
No, Molly.
You know, the sad thing
is that I believed her.
Molly
Sometimes we
need to believe.
Why? What's the point?
It is not easy to face
the realities of life.
Sometimes you've got
to give yourself that.
But you've got to
remember the love you guys felt.
That's what real.
You've got to remember how good
Sam was, how much he loved you.
You were everything
to him, Molly.
You were his life.
I feel so alone.
You're not alone.
OK?
You've got your work,
you're incredibly talented.
You're young.
Fantastically gorgeous.
I don't know what's
real anymore.
I don't know what to think.
Just think about Sam.
Think about the time you
two guys had together.
How wonderful that was.
Yeah.
Let your feelings out,
Molly, it's OK.
Life turns on a dime.
You know?
I mean...
people think that...
that they're forever,
that there is always tomorrow
but that's bullshit.
Sam taught us that.
We have to live for now.
For today.
I can't. I'm sorry.
It's OK.
I can't, it's
just too soon.
It's OK.
You've been great, Carl.
But I need you to leave.
It's OK, I understand.
Please.
Could we just have
dinner tomorrow night?
Just talk.
Can I interest you in that?
Yeah.
- Sure.
- Great.
Hey!
Get off my train!
No.
Get off!
Get off! Get off!
Get out of here!
- Get off!
- No.
Show me
how you do that.
I want to learn and
I'm not leaving till you teach me.
Get off!
- No.
- Get off!
You stubborn asshole.
What are you doing?
What the hell are you doing?
You're trying to move
it with your fingers.
You can't push it with your finger.
You're dead.
It's all in your mind.
The problem with you
is you still think you're real.
You think you're
wearing those clothes?
You think you
crouch on that floor?
Bullshit!
You ain't got
a body no more, son!
It's all up here now.
You want to move something
you've got to move
it with your mind.
You've got to focus!
Do you hear what I'm saying?
How? How do you focus?
I don't know
how you focus.
You just focus.
- How did you do that?
- You've got to take all of your emotions...
all your anger, all
your love, all your hate
And push it, way down here
into the pit
of your stomach
and then let it explode,
like a reactor.
OK, OK.
Don't laugh!
Way to go, kid.
I did it.
Way to go.
From your gut,
like I told you.
Give it time.
What else have you got?
How long have
you been here?
Since they pushed me.
Someone pushed you?
Yes, someone pushed me.
Who?
What?
You don't believe me?
You think I fell?
You think I jumped?
Well, fuck you!
It wasn't my time!
I wasn't supposed to go!
I'm not supposed
to be here.
I'd give anything for a drag!
Just one drag...
Are you all right?
Who are you?
Why are you hounding me?
Who sent you?
Leave me alone!
Yes!
You need to concentrate.
If you concentrate, you'll
probably rouse him.
What's his name again?
Orlando.
Orlando, Orlando.
Is there an Orlando here?
- I'm here.
- He's here.
- Oda Mae, I...
- Sam!
Excuse me,
I'm Orlando.
The line's over there.
Oda Mae, where did
these ghosts come from?
- You can hear them, too?
- Hear them? Can I hear them?
I hear them in the morning, I hear them
in the evening. They come into the shower!
Sam, what's the hell did you do to me?
Did you tell every spook in the world about me?
I got spooks from
Jersey coming in here.
There's stuff going on you wouldn't believe.
I don't even beleive it.
It's amazing.
You're really doing it.
Yes, I know.
Can you please hurry this up?
Oh, chill out!
Chill out.
Listen, I need your
help again, Oda Mae.
There's something
we need to do. Just...
No. I'm not doing
anything else with you, Sam.
Look.
You're holding on to a life
that doesn't
want you anymore.
It doesn't want you.
Give up the ghost!
Are you speaking to me?
Does it look like
I'm speaking to you?
You'll know when I'm talking to you.
You're supposed to be concentrating, aren't you?
Are you gonna try it?
Thank you very much.
Sam, are you going to get out of here?
Couse I... I've got work to do!
- Uh-uh.
- Fine, then stay there.
Excuse me.
Are you ready now?
Let's do it.
Oda Mae listen, I've
got to talk to you now.
I've got a plan.
You see, I figured this thing out,
there's something we can do...
Oda Mae?
Oda Mae.
Ortisha?
Orlando!
ls that you?
Where are you at?
I can hardly see.
Here! She's here!
In front of you.
I'm right here!
Damn, baby, what did
you do to your hair?
Orlando, do you like it?
It's Autumn Sunrise.
Get out of me,
you son of a bitch!
Don't you ever do
that to me again!
Orlando?..
I can barely move.
Now you should
know better then that.
Jumping into bodies
wipes you out.
Everybody out!
What happened to Orlando?
Where is the insurance policy?
Are you deaf?
I said everybody out!
Everybody out!
Get out, get out!
Everybody get out!
Get out!
Are you the fortune-teller?
Who are you?
That's an interesting question.
Why don't you tell me?
Willie.
Willie?
Prospect Place Willie?
Get out of here fast!
Sister! Oda Mae!
Sister!
I'm all right.
Oda Mae, we're in trouble.
So you've gotta help me.
Who's we?
You're already dead.
Don't you understand, these
people are trying to kill me!
Yeah, you're right.
And they'll be back.
Look. Why don't you
just find a house to haunt?
You know, get some
chains and rattle them.
Will you listen to me?
I have a plan and and it will work
but you've got to get
some your fake IDs.
Forget it.
If you do this, they'll never
bother you again. I promise.
Scout's honour.
All right.
What do I have to do?
What exactly do I have to do?
Have you got a nice dress?
I don't see what's wrong
with what I'm wearing.
- Sorry. I made a joke. I love your shoes.
- No, I don't think you do.
You know, I think I'm going home.
I don't know anything about banking.
I don't know...
- ...if it's gonna work.
- Oda Mae, could you just relax?
- Listen, I'm nervous!
- I know you're nervous, but I'll get you through it.
Your fake driver's
license is great.
- Oh Sam, I don't think I can do this.
- Sh, you can do it.
- We're going to New Accounts.
- I'm giving them no money!
Do what I say, and don't talk!
Straight ahead.
This is "New Accounts". That's where you're going.
I'm giving them no money!
Do what I say,
and don't talk!
Tell her you're here to fill out a
signature card for a new account.
Can I help you?
Yes. I'm here to fill out a
signature card for a new account.
And do you know
your account number?
926-31043.
926...
31043.
Rita Miller.
- Who?
- What?
Tell her Rita Miller!
Rita Miller.
Didn't they have
you sign a card
when you opened the account?
Tell her Carl Bruner opened it for you
by phone and asked you to come in today.
You see, Carl Bruner, he opened
it for me by phone, that account
- and he's asked me to come in today.
- I see.
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
All right. Just sign this card
on the bottom line, please.
May I use your pen?
Thank you so much.
No! No! No!
Rita Miller!
I'm so sorry.
You know, I...
I need another one.
I signed the wrong name.
Now tell her to make shure it
goes straight up to the third floor file
since you have a
transaction to make.
Please make shure this goes
right up to the third floor file
because I have a
transfusion to make.
What?
Let's go.
You know what I mean.
Can I keep this pen?
Yes, sure.
Thank you so much.
Bye-bye.
I love these pens.
What do you want
to keep the pen for?
Carl Bruner speaking.
Hi, Carl.
Mr. Balistrari?
Balistrari?
Carl it's me, John.
John... Sorry!
What's up?
I've got the info
on the Bradleyportfolio.
All right, OK, look I'm...
I'll just pick it up
later, all right?
I'll be here till six.
Good.
This is it.
I couldn't talk you into losing the hat?
Keep messing with me,
you'll be here by yourself.
Tell the guard you're
here to see Lyle Ferguson.
Hi. I'm here to see
Lyle Ferguson, please.
Do you have
an appointment?
No, I'm here
for my health.
Don't say that!
Tell him Rita Miller's here.
You just tell him
Rita Miller's here.
Just one moment, please.
- Don't embellish.
- Jawohl.
Excuse me?
Now listen, this guy
Furgeson's a real jerk.
I've known him for five years
and he still thinks my name's...
- Why are you whispering?
- Just be quiet and listen.
He's a social moron, so
you don't have anything to worry about.
Just tell the guard
Ferguson knows you.
You spent time with
him and his wife Shirley
at the Brewster's
Christmas party last year.
What is this in regards to?
What?
He doesn't remember me?
Oh, we spent all that time
at the Brewster's Christmas party
last year. He and his lovely wife, Shirley.
It was beautiful.
A big old tree and thousands
of presents everywhere...
Gas.
I get a little gas from
time to time. That's all.
Gas.
Quit poking me!
Don't overdo it!
Now listen, this'll be easy.
Furgeson was so drunk at that party
he could have had a conversation
with Tina Turner and he wouldn't remember.
Oh, Sam.
Here we go.
Hello. Hello.
Yes. Of course, yes.
Well, it's been a long time.
- Oh, a long time.
- Ask how Bobby and Snooky are doing.
By the way, how are
Bobby and Snooky doing?
Fine... fine.
Thank you.
Thank you for asking.
And how is your...
family?
Oh, couldn't be better!
Well, wonderful.
Tell him you've been wondering
how they did on the Gibraltar securities.
I was just wondering, how did you
do on the Gibraltar Securities?
The Gibraltar Securities?
Well, it looks like we
topped out on that one.
We sure did.
We sure did!
That was a very useful tip.
- Good old Randy.
- Good old Randy! Got a good old
head on his shoulders.
- Her shoulders.
- Her shoulders!
Her shoulders.
Randy.
So, what...
What brings you here today?
- You're closing an account.
- I'm closing an account.
Wonderful.
Do you have your account number?
- Yes?
- Yes.
- Yes!
926-31043.
926...31...043.
Is that right?
- Yeah.
- Good.
Well, Rita - it looks like
you'll be withdrawing
four million dollars
from us today.
Four million dollars!
Say "yes". Say "yes"!
Is that correct?
- Yes.
- Yes. Yes, Yes!
Yes. That's correct.
Well, how would
you like that?
- Tens and twenties?
- Pardon?
A cashier's cheque.
Tell him a cashier's cheque.
I think better a
cashier's cheque.
A cashier's cheque.
Fine!
Well. Of course, you know
we require identification.
- I see. Yes, yes!
- It's just a procedural thing.
Thank you.
Well, I'll be right back.
Four million dollars!
Get me the First lsland Bank
of Nassau. It's on the Rolodex.
We have some things
for you to sign here.
This officially closes
the account.
Sign "Rita Miller."
Miller.
That's my name.
My name - Rita Miller.
My name.
Molly, hi.
Hi.
Oda Mae,
I'll be right back.
Just anywhere?
Right here.
Fine.
The cheque.
Here you are.
Mama took the money that
she maid in the oil well
and she sunk it into gas pumps.
You know, every gas station has 'em.
And those gas stations
have five or six of those things,
so it's very lucrative.
- Oda Mae...
-  It really adds up.
Oda Mae, we've got
to go, say goodbye.
Well, got to go now.
It's been a pleasure doing business with you.
A real pleasure.
Now may I keep the pen?
Say goodnight to
Bobby and Snooky for me.
Bye-bye.
Why are you pushing me?
What is wrong?
Excuse me - Lyle?
Oh, yes er...
Molly. Jensen.
The woman you were
just doing business with.
- Yeah?
- What did she want?
I mean, did it have
anything to do with me or Sam?
Sam? No.
That was Oda Mae
Brown, right?
No, her name was Rita Miller.
And she was closing an account.
Is there a problem?
No. I guess not.
Thank you.
Carl?
Something wrong?
Did somebody play
with the computers?
What?
One of my accounts is closed.
Which account?
What's wrong?
You want me
to call someone?
No, it's OK.
I can do it.
I got it.
Four million dollars!
Oh, my God!
What am I going to do with this money?
You know, I'm gonna buy the building.
No, no, wait.
I'm gonna buy the block.
I'm gonna make my sister go to a fat farm
- ...cause she is way too...
- No, wait.
- Yeah, I'm gonna buy the building...
- Wait, Oda Mae. I've got an idea.
- Take the cheque out of your purse.
- You're right, you're right.
I should take it out,
I should put it
- ...where nobody can get it.
- No.
Endorse it.
No, if I endorse it,
and then if I drop it
- then somebody will get it. No, I just...
- It's not your money.
I never said you
gonna get the money.
This is blood money.
I was killed for this money.
Now endorse the cheque.
But Sam, what are
you gonna do with it?
Look over there.
To your left.
No, you don't think I'm giving these 4
million dollars to a bunch of nuns.
Oda Mae, if you don't do it,
they will track you down.
Your only protection
is to get rid of it.
Oh Sam, come on, you're killing me!
It's 4 million dollars!
Just think of it this way.
You'll go to heaven.
I don't want to
go to heaven.
I want to go to a bank and
cash the goddam cheque.
- Hello.
- You'll thank me later.
How are you doing.
- Endorse it "Rita Miller."
- I know!
Make it out to
St. Joseph's Shelter.
I don't believe
you're making me do this.
Give it to her.
Well, I just want to feel it
one more time in my fingers.
Just give the
lady the cheque.
I will!
Hand her the cheque.
You can do it.
- Give her cheque!
- I will!
Bless you, child.
Bless you.
Give to.
Let go!
I'm proud of you, Oda Mae.
You know Sam, I don't care if you proud of me.
You stay away from me from now on!
What'll that nun
gonna do with it?
She can't go buy underwear!
Nothing! I hate you.
Leave me alone!
Never talk to me again.
I think you're
wonderful, Oda Mae.
Go ahead, search!
You'll never find it.
They're going to kill you, Carl.
You and Willie.
You're going to be fertiliser.
They're going to bury
you right next to Jimmy Hoffa.
Who's doing that?
- Hey.
- Hi.
Where were you?
I thought we were having dinner.
I know, Moll.
I'm sorry.
Things got a little crazy,
I just forgot.
Yeah, a little
trouble at the bank.
Forgot? You know, I wish you'd
have called me. I've been worried.
Listen to me Molly, I've got
to ask you about something.
Yeah. He needs to
borrow 4 million dollars.
When you said you thought that
Sam was here, that he was talking to you
what did you feel?
What did he say to you?
Why? Does it have
to do with anything?
It's just...
Listen to me for a second.
This psychic lady I want to know what she told you.
I want to know exactly what she said.
Carl, let me go.
Stop this!
It doesn't matter.
It wasn't real.
What the hell's
happened to you tonight?
Does this have anything to do
with her being at the bank today?
At the bank?
Yeah, Ferguson said
she closed an account.
Her name isn't even
Oda Mae Brown. It's...
Rita Miller.
Or something.
Carl.
Are you all right?
It's just my stomach. It's...
- Jesus.
- Do you have any... like...
some Pepto-Bismol or something?
- Cyanide?..
- Yeah, it's upstairs.
Why don't you sit
down, I will get it.
What's wrong?
Does little Carl have a tummy ache?
Now do you believe
in ghosts?
I'll set the place on fire,
I swear to God!
I'll cut her throat.
Carl.
I swear to God.
I'll cut her throat.
I need that money
and I want it tonight
at 11 o'clock.
If that psychic lady
does not bring it here
Molly is dead, OK?
Carl, who are
you talking to?
Nothing. Molly...
I have to go, OK.
I can't explain this now,
but there's a problem, OK.
Something going
on at the bank.
Carl, you're
really scaring me.
I'm sorry, Moll, look, I don't
have time to talk now, but I'll come back.
Why? Why not now?
I can't talk now, Molly.
Look, I'll come back.
What do you say,
like, at 11 o'clock, OK?
I'm sorry, I did this Moll
but it's really important.
I've got to go, OK?
- Eleven!
- Oda Mae.
I'm Arsenio Hall.
Don't try to
adjust your television.
I'm black.
I want to watch
"Love Connection."
I love "Love Connection."
Leave that!
That's Arsenio.
So?
You love "Love Connection"
send your picture in.
She did already!
They just haven't answered yet.
Oda Mae!
- Sam?
- No, not again.
Oda Mae, we're in trouble,
they want the cheque. And they're coming for you.
- You gotta get outta here.
- What do you mean "they want the cheque"?
The cheque you said they
would never know about?
- Oda Mae, what's happening?
- Sam!
They're here, they're here!
Get out of here, now!
Go, go!
Come on.
Come on!
Knock on the doors!
Help!
It's emergency!
You've got to let us in!
Who are you kidding?
Open!
What are you doing?
The cat don't like visitors.
They're going to get us.
Where's Sam?
Shit! It looks like
the bitch just left.
I'll check downstairs.
Carl?
Willie!
You've got a
serious problem, man.
Help me!
Help!
Willie!
That dude is dead.
You're dead, Willie.
No!
Help me!
Tell the driver to hurry.
Yo, man, can you
step on it, please?
Listen, lady,
I'm driving as fast as I can.
Problems?
Carl, is that you?
No, it's me, Oda Mae.
Listen to me.
Molly, I know what you think of me.
I know what you think of me.
But, look, you've got to talk to me.
You are in serious danger.
I've got Sam here with me.
We've got to come it and talk to you.
Get the hell out of here.
- I'm calling the police.
- Good! Tell her to do it.
Fine! That's what we want you to do,
we want you to call the police.
- But you've got to let us in.
- No.
Don't you get it? Sam was not just
accidentally killed, he was murdered.
He found out that Carl was
laundering money at the bank.
This guy Carl is dangerous.
I'm telling you!
He tried to kill me.
He's going to
try to kill you, too.
You are in
deep, deep trouble.
Why are you doing this to me?
Do you hear me?
I can't...
I just can't...
Oda Mae.
Tell her
tell her she's wearing the
shirt that I spilt the margarita on
and the earrings
I gave her for Christmas.
Molly, Sam says to tell you you're wearing
the shirt that he spilt the margarita on
and the earrings he
gave you for Christmas.
Don't you see?
I'm not a fake!
Not about this.
Give me a penny, quick.
What?
Push a penny
under the door, now!
What are you talking about -
"push a penny under the door"?
Just do it.
Tell her it's for luck.
Sam says it's for luck.
Between Green and
Mercer on Prince.
It's the grey building right
across from the post office.
Thanks, Sergeant.
Please hurry.
We'll be waiting.
Right, they're on their way.
Good.
- So, what do we do now?
- Just wait.
Is Sam here?
Sam?
I'm sitting beside her.
He's sitting right beside you.
Sam, can you feel me?
With all my heart.
He says with all his heart.
I'd give anything
if I could just touch
you once more.
He says he wishes
he was alive again
so he could touch you.
Me, too.
OK. Look.
You can use me.
Use you?
You can use my body.
Use your body?
Just do it  quick,
before I change my mind.
Molly!
Molly, are you home?
It's Carl.
Molly!
Fire escape.
What's happening to me?
Molly?
Molly!
Come on.
Look!
Let's go.
Molly!
Just get away from us, Carl!
- Molly!
- You're a liar.
Molly, you've got to listen to me.
This woman's a thief!
She's a con artist.
- Why are you doing this?
- Don't listen to her, Molly!
Stop!
Just get away
from us, Carl.
I've called the police.
Shit.
Carl, why are you doing this?
Don't interfere, Molly!
She's a thief!
Cheque!
Just give me the cheque.
Stay out of this, Molly!
Son of a bitch.
Keep out of this, Molly!
Get off me!
Where is it?
Where is it, goddammit?
I gave it away.
You're lying to me.
Don't lie to me,
goddammit!
The cheque.
I'll kill her, Sam.
I swear to God, I'll kill her!
Just...
Look.
Just give me the
cheque, Sam, OK?
I promise you I'll let her go
if you just give it to me.
OK?
Sam?
Oh, Carl.
What?
Help!
Are you two all right?
Sam?
Molly?
I can hear you.
Oh, God.
Sam?
They're waiting for you, Sam.
I'll miss you.
Your mother'd be proud.
I'm gonna miss you too, Sam.
You're all right.
Bye, Oda Mae.
Bye, Sam.
I love you, Molly.
I've always loved you.
Ditto.
It's amazing, Molly.
The love inside
you take it with you.
See you.
Bye.
R.I.P.
Patrick Wayne Swayze
August 18, 1952 to September 14, 2009
Subtitles: one4all
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org